Murder or manslaughter
Bereavement is a painful experience for anyone, but when you lose someone because of the violent actions of another person – through murder or manslaughter – it can be particularly devastating.

Rape and sexual assault
Find out more about rape and sexual assault and how you can get help.

Robbery
A robbery is when someone takes something from you with violence or threats – usually (but not always) in the street or another public place.

Sexual harassment
Sexual harassment is any kind of unwanted behaviour of a sexual nature that makes you feel humiliated or intimidated, or that creates a hostile environment.

Stalking
Stalking is persistent and unwanted attention that makes you feel pestered and harassed.

Terrorism
Terrorist attacks are sudden and unpredictable and generally calculated to create a climate of fear or terror among the public. A terror attack can lead to an ongoing feeling of insecurity.

Violent crime
A violent crime is when someone physically hurts or threatens to hurt someone, and also includes crimes where a weapon is used.


Antisocial behaviour
Antisocial behaviour is when you feel intimidated or distressed by a person's behaviour towards you.

Arson
Arson is when someone deliberately sets fire to someone else's property to damage it or to injure people.

Burglary
A burglary is when someone breaks into a building with the intention of stealing, hurting someone or committing unlawful damage.

Childhood abuse
Child abuse can happen in different ways, and can include neglect as well as physical, emotional and sexual abuse.

kidnapping
Kidnapping is a serious crime that is prohibited by both federal and state laws. It is commonly defined as the taking of a person against his or her will, or restricting that person to a confined space.

Crime abroad
Crime abroad covers any criminal offence that happens to you while outside England and Wales. This page also includes information about crime on cruise ships.

Cybercrime and online fraud
The term cybercrime refers to a variety of crimes carried out online.

Domestic abuse
Domestic abuse describes negative behaviours that one person exhibits over another within families or relationships.

Fraud
Fraud is when someone tricks or deceives you to gain a dishonest advantage.

Hate crime
Hate crime is the term used to describe a crime against someone based on a part of their identity.

Modern slavery
Modern slavery is a serious and often hidden crime. It comprises slavery, servitude, forced and compulsory labour and human trafficking, which is the harbouring and transportation of individuals for exploitation.

Assault and Battery
Assault and battery are two violent crimes that involve threatening harm or causing actual harm to another person.